Here we are! The final
section of the course.
What are amazing job
you've done so far!
Putting in the time,
dedication, and hard
work to get to
this point is definitely
something to celebrate.
But we're not through yet.
As we near the end
of this course,
now's the time to focus
and finish strong.
Let's turn our
attention to threats.
We've already explored assets,
vulnerabilities, and the
controls used to protect both.
A common theme between
those two topics has
been the wide range of assets
and vulnerabilities out there.
The world of threats
is no different.
If you recall, threats
are any circumstance
or event that can
negatively impact assets.
In this part of the course,
you're going to expand your
security mindset by getting
a high-level view of
the most dangerous threats
facing organizations today.
First, we're going to begin by
exploring social
engineering tactics,
psychological tricks
that attackers use to
gain unauthorized
access to assets.
Next, we'll explore a common
type of threat that's been
around since the start of
personal computers, malware.
We're going to spend some time
investigating the major
types of malware.
After that, we'll turn
our attention to
web-based exploits.
Most organizations these days
operate in a digital space,
and many of them are new to it.
In this section of the course,
you're going to
learn about some of
the most common threats that
organizations face online.
Finally, after exploring
common threats that
organizations deal with,
we're going to wrap
up by exploring
the threat modeling process.
Understanding threats
is essential for
a security analyst, and
there's a lot to cover.
So, let's get started!